DOC-4482 (#35)
couchbaselabs/docs-sync-gateway: modules/ROOT/pages/managing-kubernetes.adoc

> = Managing Kubernetes

Reviewer: I think this should be "Managing Sync Gateway Cluster"

> = Managing Kubernetes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= Managing Sync Gateway Cluster
```

== Rolling Upgrades of Sync Gateway Nodes

Since we use a deployment controller, we can do a rolling upgrade of the Sync Gateway nodes in the cluster and the load balancer will automatically take care of redirecting the traffic to the remaining nodes.

Note that if you have configured your deployment to have a single Sync Gateway import node, then you will experience some latency in processing write requests until the import node comes back up again.

. For example, if you want to upgrade the version of the Sync Gateway, you can update the corresponding deployment config file and re-apply that to the cluster
+
[source,console]
----
kubectl apply -f sgw-deployment-upgrade.yaml
----
. You can verify the status of the rollout as follows
+
[source,console]
----
kubectl rollout status deployment sync-gateway
----

> The deployment controller will ensure that at least one replica is available to server the incoming requests while the other replicas are being upgraded.

Reviewer 2: "serve"

Author: ```suggestion
The deployment controller will ensure that at least one replica is available to serve the incoming requests while the other replicas are being upgraded.
```

= Managing a Sync Gateway Cluster

== Rolling Upgrades of Sync Gateway Nodes

Since we use a deployment controller, we can do a rolling upgrade of the Sync Gateway nodes in the cluster and the load balancer will automatically take care of redirecting the traffic to the remaining nodes.

Note that if you have configured your deployment to have a single Sync Gateway import node, then you will experience some latency in processing write requests until the import node comes back up again.

. For example, if you want to upgrade the version of the Sync Gateway, you can update the corresponding deployment config file and re-apply that to the cluster
+
[source,console]
----
kubectl apply -f sgw-deployment-upgrade.yaml
----
. You can verify the status of the rollout as follows
+
[source,console]
----
kubectl rollout status deployment sync-gateway
----
The deployment controller will ensure that at least one replica is available to serve the incoming requests while the other replicas are being upgraded.
The load balancer will automatically redirect all requests to the remaining nodes.
+

> *Optional:* If you want to rollback, you can do that with `kubectl rollout undo  deployment sync-gateway`.

Reviewer: @jamiltz 
```suggestion
+ If the upgrade fails for any reason , you can rollback or undo the rollout with the following command 
 `kubectl rollout undo  deployment sync-gateway`.
```

Author: ```suggestion
If the upgrade fails for any reason, you can rollback or undo the rollout with the following command.
+
[source,console]
----
kubectl rollout undo  deployment sync-gateway
----
```

> == Upgrading the Kubernetes Cluster

Reviewer: @jamiltz Is this referring CBS cluster upgrade?  Unclear ....

Author: Referring to the Kubernetes Cluster upgrade.
In response to Eric's feedback https://github.com/couchbase/docs-sync-gateway/pull/35#pullrequestreview-194797246
